A countryside breakfast: Mon petit d‚jeuner avec du lait
A cup of tea.
A good morning in a rural Spanish town (Bon dia / Buenos d¡as)
A Romanian plait with green and gold ribbons
A small rant about the label on the back of my shampoo
A story about a postman
A story of homesickness
A walking tour in Bucharest (or thoughts on making friends with temporary colleagues)
Above the clouds: thoughts on a flight
Acrobatics with my ego
Along the Enchanted Way: A Story of Love and Life in Romania by William Blacker
An accident of tectonic plates or the bubbling resentment of giant?
An English cook in Sicily (and the commotion this entailed)
As if I would really write a blog post about American football?
At what point do I get a spreadsheet out for my travel planning
Barefoot adventures - The Island, Kefalos, Kos
Be the weirdo who dares to enjoy.
Books by Barbara Kingsolver
Books by Philippa Gregory
Books I finished reading in April
Books I finished reading in February
Books I finished reading in March
Bratislava: Perhaps it's time for another coffee
Crossing contours: The passage of time and the influence of travel
Curl up on a sofa, with a glass of wine and a bookshop.
Day two in a Sicilian household: "Caterina!"
Don't pick the prickly pear by the paw, when you pick a pear try to use the claw.
Flamenco dancing (and other mishaps)
Flying home
Flying to Cairo
Frecciarossa: Bologna to Naples by train
Germany: ein hund, ein cobra but no English
Harvesting potatoes
How can you thank volunteers? (an example from travels in Spain)
How do you balance work and travel?
How friendships and traveling really works
How scary can an e-passport machine be, really?
How sometimes I choose to remain 'too' English (and why that matters)
How to be courageous, follow your heart and stay alive
How to deal with that day of travelling when nobody likes each other
How your attitude dictates your travel experience (unexpected delights of Egypt)
Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it's thinking of yourself less.
Hunting for Wally, ladybugs and a purpose
I know nothing about Romania
If I draw every day, am I an artist?
In  Budapest...
Inside the cavity: the colour of the Sagrada Familia
It's the sheep's fault - accidentally working on my day off.
'Just arrived' travel anxieties...
Just some things I did last year
Like a comet that's got lost somewhere in the Oort cloud
Like Elizabeth Bennet, walking through the gates of Pemberley for the first time
Literature and Mental Health: Heartbreak
Literature and Mental Health: Poetry and Mindfulness
Living to the theme of 'A Whole New Mind by Daniel Pink'
Luncheon and some posh frescos
Maybe I'm just getting old, but...
More books I've just finished reading (June/July)
More little things I've learnt on this French farm
Moving to a country where you don't speak the language (and other great ideas)
Mumbling even before the wine
Nitra: Picking a city at random for an adventure
No, I'm not playing quidditch...
Northern Finland: The magical winter-land (where nature still rules)
Northern Finland: The Oulanka National Park
Northern Finland: Up the fell and down again
Off the beaten path
On a night so clear you could see the milky way
On looking after small people.
On making a decision that's true to who I am
On quidditch
On relocating the edge of my comfort zone
On woollen socks and in-the-box thinking
One island, two totally different cultures (Sicily)
Other books I finished reading in May
Perhaps time to upgrade my travel planning technique
Personal branding and the name Catherine
Pestles and mortars in ancient Egypt
Picasso and I
Playing. Nothing but good, wonderful, delightful play.
Poland: Navigating the public transport of Poznan
Poland: Teaching non-native speakers business English
Reading Like A Writer by Francine Prose
Red polka-dot knickers
Remembering the honour of seeing an Egypt composed of kindness.
Resilience: against cold rain, hail and the things that pull us down in life
Review: The Agincourt Bride by Joanna Hickson
School trips and not staring at the Sagrada Familia for long enough
Sketching at the Teatro Romano Malaga
Skipping across the zebra crossing and other realities
Some books I finished reading in May
Sometimes it's not so fun
Sometimes you don't see a door until your nose is pressed up against it.
Speed isn't everything (a Little Mermaid story)
Swallows and Amazons
That Man
The Adventures Of Huckleberry Finn
The awkward unknown of adapting to a Sicilian household
The books I finished reading in January
The books I read in 2016 to restore sanity and try and help me be nice
The Casual Vacancy by J. K. Rowling
The cathedral with only one arm
The Edible Woman by Margaret Atwood
The hidden secret of the house on the hill
The kids don't have to love you and other thoughts on being an au-pair
The Land Where Lemons Grow by Helena Attlee
The misshapen perspective of a child.
The Myth of the Awkward Silence
The Netherlands: And the King's birthday celebrations
The not-so-new Puente Nuevo, Ronda, Spain
The other books I read in 2016 to restore sanity and try and help me be nice
The seasons change, and so do I
The subjective nature of 'pretty'.
The Tortoise and the Turtle of the Sagrada Familia
The village school and missing my chance to find Prince Charming
The words I do not say (and pink birthday roses)
There are 135 posts in the old format
Thinking about the stranger on the plane
This is perhaps not how other people plan travels.
Travel: Arriving in Modena and falling in love with Italy all over again
Traveling the hills of home by steam and on foot
Vienna: That chap Figaro, and a wedding.
Warning, Thunder.
We need each other: asking for and receiving help
What do you see when you look in the mirror?
What happens when you play with silence
What is the difference between holidaying and travelling?
What sort of sculpture do you like?
What the weather 'should be' according to The Mother
When dropped, does it ring true?
Where I gloat about how wonderful it feels to be able to run.
Where I write (And why it matters)
Why I travel but think you shouldn't
Yo soy brit nico (and other form filling challenges)
Yorkshire. Home sweet home.
You're only as strong as your willingness to surrender
